Fix a bug where the property editor panel is disabled when switching class editor panels (#1317)
finos/legend-studio: .changeset/nine-numbers-eat.md

---
'@finos/legend-art': patch
---

> Fix the bug where property editor panel is disabled when switching class editor panels ([[#1316](https://github.com/finos/legend-studio/issues/1316)]).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fix a bug where the class property editor panel is hidden when switching between class editors ([#1316](https://github.com/finos/legend-studio/issues/1316)).
```
